Question. What is the best way to travel from London to Amsterdam?
I am planning to travel from London to Amsterdam. How long does the journey take and what is the
best way to travel? Could you please tell me about the trains or ships to get there?
The more information the better. Thanks.
First answer. There are four ways to travel. A journey by train is more relaxing than by
coach, but a lot more expensive. When you go by train, buy your ticket a long time before
you travel. It is usually cheaper. You can go by car and by ship across the North
Sea. This is the most comfortable way to travel, but also the most expensive. Book your ticket
before you book your hotel. Remember that parking in Amsterdam is very expensive, so stay
outside the city centre and travel in by bus or by train.
The third choice is by coach. This is usually the cheapest, but in summer the coaches sometimes
get crowded. And it takes you about 12 hours to get there. However, it will not cost as much
as going by train. Finally, you can fly. It is the fastest and the second cheapest, but
you may have to wait for hours at the airport because of bad weather. Well, I hope this
helps. Have a great trip.